Q1> Explore the DVM instructions and prepare a summary of the same atleast for 5 instructions in a detailed format


i) instruction name: move
ii) syntax         :move x,y //Moves the content of y into x. 
					Both registers must be in the first 256 register range.
iii)example        :0110 - move v0, v1
						Moves v1 into v0.
						
i) instruction name:return
ii)syntax		   :return x
iii)example        :0F00 - return v0
					Returns with return value in v0.

i)instruction name :aget
ii)syntax		   :aget vx,vy,vz
iii)example        :4407 0306 - aget v7, v3, v6
					Gets an integer array element. The array is referenced
					by v3 and the element is indexed by v6.
					The element will be put into v7.

i)instruction name :neg-int
ii)syntax		   :neg-int vx,vy
iii)example        :7B01 - neg-int v1,v0
					Calculates -v0 and stores the result in v1

i)instruction name :iget
ii)syntax		   :iget-quick vx,vy,offset
iii)example        :F221 1000 - iget-quick v1, v2, [obj+0010]
					Gets the value at offset 0CH of the instance pointed 
					by v2 and stores the object reference in v1.

					

Q2> Differentiate between mobile and cloud computing
cloud computing
-allows you to store your files and folders in a “cloud” area on	the Internet,
 allowing you access to all of your files and folders wherever you are in the world
-Cloud computing provides the convenience for users to help them access resources 
 easily and quickly  
-basically virtual servers available over the Internet
-a way to increase capacity or add capabilities on the fly without investing in 
 new infrastructure, training new personnel, or licensing new software.
-Cloud computing encompasses any subscription-based or pay-per-use service that,
 in real time over the Internet, extends IT's existing capability.

 Mobile computing
-This could be a laptop or a mobile phone or some device which enables 
you to telework – working wherever you go because of the small size of
 the device you’re using. 
-With mobile computing we can check our email messages, our bills, our 
 bank accounts, and our other private information just by using a 
 mobile phone or laptop anywhere
-Physical service available on physical device
-Capability is limited compared to cloud computing.
-encompasses subscription-based or pay-per-use service


 Q3> Give an example of an application simulating an environment of context aware computing and justify.
	Example: Antalya Official City & Travel Guide
		Starting from scratch Antalya Official City & Travel Guide re-thought the whole concept of 
	why and how we all travel, of what we need when we get there and most importantly, what we don't.
	The result – ultra-smart travel companion stacked with priceless information for the discerning, 
	value-conscious and busy traveller.
	Justification:
		Antalya Official City & Travel Guide is a context aware application that is developed as an 
		interdisciplinary context aware case study. It is based on a real demand of Antalya as well 
		as Turkey to enhance the visitor experience. Antalya Official City & Travel Guide presents 
		information about points of interest, events, offers, to do's and much more in the vicinity 
		of the person carrying the device.
	With Antalya Official City & Travel Guide, by the time you get to your destination, all you need do is relax, because if it’s not in Antalya Official City & Travel Guide, you’re not missing anything. Hyper-opinionated, irreverent, bright and fun to use, whether you have a few hours or a few days, Antalya Official City & Travel Guide really is all you need. Just for your information, you’ll never hear us refer to our users as tourists.
	With Antalya Official City & Travel Guide you’re a visitor. It’s a big difference.


